#Node Password Hash

##Setup
1. git clone 
1. npm install

##Run
1. npm start - to start server
1. npm test - to run tests (Server is started within the tests. Don't need to run npm start.)

##Requirements
* The project should be written in NodeJS using only the standard library.
* When launched it should monitor a given port and wait for http connections.
* When a connection is made it should not respond immediately, but rather hold the socket open for 5 seconds and then respond.
* The connection will be a POST request containing a value that the client wishes to be hashed.
* The hashing algorithm should be SHA512.
* The result should be returned base64 encoded.
* The software should be able to process multiple connections simultaneously.
* If, instead of a password request the software receives a "graceful shutdown" request, it should allow any remaining password requests to complete, reject any new requests, and shutdown.
* No additional password requests should be allowed when shutdown is pending.

##Example
For instance, given the request (generated by curl):
curl --data "password=angryMonkey" http://localhost:8080

Your program should return
ZEHhWB65gUlzdVwtDQArEyx+KVLzp/aTaRaPlBzYRIFj6vjFdqEb0Q5B8zVKCZ0vKbZPZklJz0Fd7su2A+gf7Q==

##Asumptions
* Status code 400 'Bad Form Parameter' is returned if the form key is not "password" 
* Status code 404 'Not Found' is returned on any request other than a POST

##Notes
* index.js only uses NodeJS core modules
* test.js uses other npm modules to aid in testing
* Tests have console output to aid in visualizing what is happening. Normally I would log it to a file and not console.